V25.1.0 ga (#19382)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/releases/v25.1/backward-incompatible.md

Before [upgrading to CockroachDB v25.1]({% link v25.1/upgrade-cockroach-version.md %}), be sure to review the following backward-incompatible changes, as well as [key cluster setting changes](#v25-1-0-cluster-settings), and adjust your deployment as necessary.

- The old `BACKUP TO`, `RESTORE FROM <collectionURI>`, and `SHOW BACKUP IN <collectionURI>` syntaxes are now fully deprecated and no longer usable. [#133610][#133610]

- Altering a paused backup schedule's recurrence or location no longer resumes the schedule. [#134829][#134829]

- `BACKUP`/`RESTORE` statements no longer return index entries and bytes backed up/restored. [#134516][#134516]

> - Updated the default for `legacy_varchar_typing` session setting. This setting reverts the changes of [#133037](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/133037) that causes the change in typing behavior described in [#137837](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/137837). Specifically, it makes type-checking and overload resolution ignore the newly added "unpreferred" overloads. As of v25.1.0 this setting defaults to `off`. [#137844][#137844]

Reviewer: Suggest using the actual session var description instead. I think the user impact is clearer.

```suggestion
- Introduced the `legacy_varchar_typing` session setting. If `on`, type checking and overload resolution for VARCHAR types ignore overloads that cause errors, allowing comparisons between VARCHAR and non-STRING-like placeholder values to execute successfully. If `off`, type checking of these comparisons is more strict and must be handled with explicit type casts. As of v25.1.0 this setting defaults to `off`. [#137844][#137844]
```
